Sophomore Year

Paisley 


The girls and I go out down town for some drinks. It feels good to retire my old fake ID, now that I'm officially twenty one. We sit at a table and order a round of cocktails, but I try not to drink too much because tomorrow is my dad's birthday and we're meeting for brunch. Within an hour I took back three shots and two cocktails so much for not getting drunk. Vanessa is insisting on a game of truth or dare like we're in high school all over again. 

"Paise, truth or dare?" Blair asks and for me it's a no brainer truth. 

But, that little voice in the back of my head is reminding me to step outside of my comfort zone so I end up saying dare instead. Her face lights up like she just found out she won a Grammy and she claps her hands all proud. I see the mischievous gleam in her blue eyes, as she thinks over what my dare will be.

"I dare you to kiss the next guy that walks in and it has to be on the lips" the girls all cheer her on. 

I force a smile and finish the last of my cocktail "Sounds good" her brows raise at my response because she was probably expecting me to protest. 

To her surprise, I decided to try something new. So we all sit and wait for the door to open and I pray to whatever God is above, that it's at least someone youngish and not some sixty year old grandpa. Then again, I also hope it's not one of our professors or worse my dad. Luckily Ann Arbor is a total college town and it's rare to see anyone out on Friday and Saturday nights besides our student population. It feels like forever until the door finally opens.

All four of our heads immediately turn as a very tall, broad and ridiculously handsome guy steps in first, with a group of guys right behind him. My eyes remain on him though, the tattoos covering his long muscular arms, his black jeans and white shirt that hugs his torso just right. His side profile must not real, because no one looks that good from that angel. A strong jaw, straight nose and a little stubble along his sharp jawline. It's like he walked right out of my dreams or a magazine.

Vanessa clears her throat "There's your target... You're lucky because he's hot as hell" I grab Blair's drink and finish it off before standing up. 

I take a deep breath and Jess smacks my ass before I walk towards the handsome stranger. He's standing near the door looking down at his phone as I approach, and tap him on the shoulder. He looks up at me with a neutral yet curious expression "I apologize for this" before he can respond, I'm on my tip toes grabbing his face and planting a kiss on his perfectly pink lips.

My hearts pounding as our lips collide and he kisses me back with zero hesitation. Something awakens inside of me and sends an inferno of pleasure, lust and need right down to my core. My knees feel weak as he holds onto my waist, steadying me. I'm afraid if he lets go I will fall and I think he can sense that. 

I pull away suddenly and get one last look at him before I walk back over to my friends. I walk with a little more pep in my step and feel his eyes on me. I take my seat and can't fight the smile that's spread across my face. Who knew kissing a complete stranger could be so exhilarating. The girls all gush about it as I try to calm my nerves.

"How was it?!" Blair asks.

"Was he a good kisser?" V asks next. 

"It was..... Perfect. He was perfect" I say and touch my lips where I can still taste him.

"Do you know who that is?" Jess finally speaks up. 

"No, should I?" I ask, feeling confused and out of the loop.

"That's Maverick Warren... Hockey captain, campus playboy and Mr. Unavailable in every sense of the word" she says.

I look over my shoulder and see him talking with his friends who are all looking in our direction. I nervously swallow, as I feel the heat from his intense gaze, pernitrate through me. He smirks and my stomach flutters with butterflies, as I grin back at him. He's easily the best looking guy in the bar and his friends are close behind him. It must be a hockey thing to be ridiculously good looking and a good kisser. His kiss nearly knocked me off of me feet. 

I've heard of him, heard the rumors and gossip about how much of a beast he is on and off the ice. I probably know more about his hockey career than most, since my dad is his coach in all. Not very many people outside of my close girl friends know that though and I like to keep it that way. My father and I have a strained relationship and we're slowly working on patching things up. For now, I like to be anonymous like a fly on the wall rather than known as Cody Bryant's daughter.

The girls get my attention, and our waitress walks over, dropping off another round. V passes them out and we cheers to our girls night. The music turns up and people start dancing over by the DJ. The girls get up and join in while I hang back and watch "Not a dancer?" A deep voice says in my ear, startling me. 

I gasp and turn to him "No, I'm not" is all I say and then sip on my drink.

"That was some kiss back there" he says with a wild look behind his chestnut eyes.

I smile and feel my cheeks blushing "I was dared to kiss the next who walked through that door and it just so happened to be you" I admit.

He takes a drink from his beer "It could have been anyone" he points out. 

"I know, I was nervous for a while and then you walked in and I felt relieved" he grins.

"Do you like dares?" He asks curiously.

I shrug "It depends I guess" 

"On what?" He leans against the table.

"How risky they are" he takes another drink from his cup but keeps his eyes on me.

"Do you not like taking risks?" 

I nervously smile unsure of how much information I want to share with this stranger "I'm trying to step outside of my comfort zone and choosing dare helps" 

"Can I give you dare?" He asks.

I freeze for a moment as my heart rate picks up again I decide to answer before I overthink it "Sure, go for it" his grins widens. 

"I dare you to go home with me. One night of fun with no strings attached. No overthinking" he says coolly.

I'm staring at him like I misunderstood "Seriously?" He nods.

"Yeah, I'm dead serious Freckles" he says and gently pokes my cheek.

Part of me wants to refuse, but a bigger part of me wants to take him up on the offer "Okay" falls from my lips before I can stop myself. 

His eyes light up "Yeah? " I nod.

"Yes, but please don't murder me and chop my body up into pieces and discard it on the highway" he lets out a dark chuckle.

"That wouldn't be any fun Freckles, and what I have in mind is much more enjoyable for both of us" he says with a wink.

We polish off our drinks and he goes over to let his friends know that he's leaving. I find the girls on the dance floor and tell them I'm heading out and they beg me to stay until I tell them who I'm leaving with. They immediately switch gears and shout at me to use protection as I walk away and flip them off they think they're so damn funny. 

I meet him at the door and his friends watch us leave together. We walk down the street to where is car is parked and he opens the passenger door for me. I slide in and immediately fasten my seat belt as he walks around to the driver's side. He gets in and my nostrils are immediately consumed by his cinnamony scent. He turns the radio down and I watch his strong hand shift gears as we cruise through downtown.

I twiddle my thumbs nervously as I start to second guess my decision. This guy is a complete stranger who I already kissed and now I'm in his car, going back to his place so we can what? Have a deep talk and tell each other our deepest, darkest secrets? No. He wants to sleep with me and I'm not entirely opposed to it. I've only slept with one other guy who happened to be my high school boyfriend. The sex was mediocre, although I didn't have anything to compare it too but I never had an orgasm.

I look at him and take in his dark features. Thick eyelashes that surround his chocolate eyes. I get a better look at the tattoos covering his arms and have to resist tracing them with my finger.

"You're staring" he points out and I quickly look away. 

Then he laughs "I would be looking at you too if I didn't have to keep my eyes on the road" he admits and my heart flutters. 

"Oh" is all I manage to say. 

We pull up to an extravagant apartment building and I'm confused at first because I thought he lived at the hockey house near campus. He pulls into the underground parking garage and pulls into a spot. He unfastens his seat belt and I do the same, then we both step out.

"You don't live at the hockey house?" I ask and the follow him over to the elevator.

"No, I do..... This is one of my dad's condos. I figured it would be more private here than at the house where I live with like ten other guys" we step into the elevator and head up to the sixth floor. 

"That makes sense" the door dings and then open and we step into the condo. I wasn't expecting it to be the entire floor. As we walk farther inside the lights turn on "This place is beautiful" I say. 

Marble floors, grey walls and large glass windows overlooking the city. The decor is very modern and masculine which makes sense since it's his dad's place. Which makes me wonder about his mom, because there is no touch of a women at all. He walk into the giant kitchen that opens up into the living room. I walk around and take a seat on the L shaped couch while he grabs us drinks.

He comes back and hands me a glass of wine "What's your name?" He asks and takes a seat.

"Paisley" I say "I already know yours" 

He smirks "Of course you do" cocky much.

"I didn't mean like that...." I say and take a sip of my wine. 

I was expecting to gag from the bitterness but I'm pleasantly surprised with how deliciouss it is "I know, I was just messing with you. I've never seen you at one of our games or parties before" 

"I've been to two of your games and one party but I would expect you to notice me" I say.

His brows raise "Why not? You're beautiful" he says like it's the most obvious thing.

"I uh... Thank you" is all I muster up. 

"Are you a freshman?" He asks curiously.

"Sophomore" he nods.

"Virgin?" I nearly choke on the wine. 

"Uh no?" I meant to say it more confidently.

"Just trying to clear the air" he adds. 

He takes the wine glass out of my hand and sets it on the coffee table. Then he leans in and kisses me, but this kiss is different than the one we shared at the bar. That one was fun and easy but this one is way more intense, and packed with need and want. I tilt my head to deepen the kiss as he slides his tongue between my lips and licks along the roof of my mouth. I wrap my arms around his neck as he pulls me onto his lap. 

I'm straddling him now, feeling his hardness between my legs as I slowly grind against him. I'm in complete foreign territory over here, just letting my body do it's thing and he seems to like it. He lifts me up and stands, my legs lock around his waist as he carries me through he kitchen and down a dark hallway. He used his foot to push a door open and then steps inside and walks over to the bed where he gently sets me down.

I lay back on my elbows and watch as he starts to undress and then he walks over and carefully lowers himself on top of me. I lean in and kiss him, running my fingers through his light brown locks and tug on the ends, as his hands wander my body slowly and methodically. 