Aria

Summer is officially over and when our professor passes back the results of our first time and I see a giant D on mine reality sets in. Once we're excused I make my way down to his podium and ask if he has a moment to chat, he gives me five minutes. We go over my test and he tells me to go to the student center in the library where I can find for information on tutors. I stare at him dumbfounded, because in my entire school career I've never gotten less than a C on anything.

He dismisses me because he has another class and I find myself sulking as I walk out of the building. With my test in hand I call one of my best friends Jayce and ask for her advice on the matter, she's always been my my voice of reason. When she doesn't answer I say screw it and call my mom because she always knows the right thing to say when I'm feeling down. I've always gotten good grades, since I can remember. School has never been super easy for me, but it's never been this challenging before. 

It's my second year at Ocean View University, on the beautiful west coast of San Diego. This was my top school that I had prayed I would get into. The campus like a lot of So Cal beach town, is right near the beach like I can walk from one end of campus to the other and walk out onto the sand. It's unreal and absolutely gorgeous, my sorority house is also right next to the beach and when I wake up each morning to the sound of the waves crashing onto shore I swear I'm dreaming. 

I knew coming here that I was going to face a lot of challenges like being far from home, having to make new friends and school work. What I didn't know was that statistics was going to kick my ass and make me want to drop out. My mom basically tells me to suck it up and get a tutor so that I don't have to drop the class, just to retake it eventually. I sigh in frustration after we hang up and head to the other side of campus to the library. 

I see some girls I know from my sorority and as much as I want to stop and chat, I need to get this over with. I walk up the large steps and pull open the giant glass door, this place must have cost a fortune to build. I walk inside and follow the signs pointing to the student center, luckily it's a girl around my age working and she gives me a list of the top tutors. I scan through the names but don't recognize any of them and the majority are male. 

My eyes stay on Ace Edgewood and I can't help but think that the name sounds familiar. I plug in his number and the two others as back ups just incase he can't help me. I decide to rip the band aid off and call as I walk out of the library. He doesn't answer so I leave a simple message saying who I am and why I'm calling, after I hang up I hope he calls me back soon. I shove the paper along with my test deep into my bag and head to the coffee shop on campus. 

As I walk up to the front door, I shove my phone into the back pocket of my jean shorts, right as the door swings open and almost takes me out "Oh fuck, are you okay?" A deep voice asks as he reaches out out to help me.

I brush him off "I'm okay... thankfully. Glad the door didn't break my face" I say with an awkward laugh.

He smiles "It would have been a shame to mess up such a pretty face" I get a better look at him and I'm taken back.

He's gorgeous like literally stepped right out of a magazine kinda good looks. Tall, tan, greenish blue eyes and golden blonde, almost brown hair. He's fit, I can tell by the way his white shirt hugs his lean body which means he's probably an athlete. 

My cheeks burn red from his compliment "Thanks" I say and his smile widens.

I tuck a strand of hair behind my ear "Thankfully no one died" 

"Can I make it up to you sometime?" he asks and I feel my guard start to rise.

"Um Sure, what did you have in mind?" I ask nervously.

"How about I get your number and I'll plan something... I was thinking lunch" he says with a smirk. 

This guy is beyond handsome and I have no idea why he wants to hang out with me. I guess the Universe is trying to make my day better since getting that lousy D on my stats test. 

"Give me you phone and I'll add my contact " he hands it to me and add my name and number "Done" I say with a smile and he takes it from me. 

"You'll be hearing  from me Aria" he says with a wink and walks off. It dawns on me that he never told me his name

"Wait, what's your name?" I call out after him.

He shouts back "Mason" and continues to walk off.

I head inside still reeling from the whole interaction. I order my usual latte with a bagel and then wait at a table for it to be ready. Once the barista calls my name, I grab my items and then walk out of the shop. It's such a beautiful day today, clear blue skies with no cloud in sight and a nice sea breeze. I walk over to one of the empty tables that faces the beach and take a seat. I have an hour until my next class so I'll hang out here until then.

I put a head phone in one of my ears and scroll through social media, while sipping on my coffee. My phone starts vibrating and I see Ace's name on the screen so I immediately answer "Hello?" his voice on the other end is deep and husky.

Not at all what I was expecting "Is this Aria?" he asks.

"Yes it is, I was wondering if you were available tutor me a couple times a week?" I hear other voices in the background of his phone. 

"For Stats right?" he asks.

"Yeah" I nervously wait for him to say something.

"It's $25/hour and if you cancel last minute there's a $10 fee" he says seriously and all I can think is damn he doesn't mess around.

"Got it, both of those work for me so can you?" 

"Yeah, we'll start tomorrow. Meet me at one in the first study room on the second level of the library" 

"Okay, quick question though" I swear I hear him sigh.

He's going to hang up on me for this one "Do I get e refund for all of our sessions if my grade doesn't improve? I'm being one hundred percent sarcastic.

He's quiet "Seriously?" is all he asks.

I let out a small laugh "I'm kidding, lighten up buddy. See you tomorrow at one" I hang up before he can.

I continue chuckling to myself and I feel like this guy already hates me and we haven't even started yet. My therapist always told me that I use sarcasm to cover up my nerves and how I truly feel inside. I'm legit one of those people who would laugh at a funeral and it's embarrassing. I've only been to one though and it was way too traumatic for me to have laughed my dad's. When my mind starts to wander down that road I use the mechanisms I learned in therapy to divert myself. 

I check my bag, making sure I have my notebook and all of the material I'll need for my next class. I usually get a few looks from other students when they notice that I hand write my notes instead of typing them out. It works better for my brain that way, I soak in the information and process it a lot faster when I write it all down. I pack up my things and start walking towards the history building which isn't too far from where I'm at. 

I take the stairs to the second floor and walk into the large lecture hall. I grab a seat in the back where I usually sit and pull my notebook out. I leave a single headphone in and then I start doodling as more and more students start to file inside. A large body slumps down into the chair next to me and I look up when their arm brushes against mine and I'm met with a familiar pair of greenish blue eyes that I saw earlier.

"Coffee girl?" he says and I instantly smile "What a coincidence" he pulls out his lap top.

I pull my headphone out and put in it's case "Seriously, I haven't seen you in here before" I point out.

He laughs "I transferred in because I need the units, and now I'm happy that I did" I nod.

Twice in one day this guy has me blushing "I'm happy to finally know someone in my classes. My friends and I have opposite schedules apparently"

"I get that, I have to take earlier classes because of hockey" he points out and I give myself a brownie point for knowing that he was an athlete.

"Hockey? Very cool. How long have you played?" I ask curiously.

"Since I was a kid, I fell in love the second I learned how to skate. I've played all three years here so far as well" I make a mental note that he's a year ahead of me.

"That's awesome, I've never been to a game before so I don't know much about it" 

"Our first game is on Friday you should come and see what's all about" 

"Maybe I will" I say and his eyes light up.

"You just made my day Aria" we stop talking when the professor walks in and dives right into the lecture. 

I feel his eyes on me occasionally and I can't help the feeling inside the pit of my stomach. If this was me from a couple years ago I would have ran away the second this guy started talking to me. I always struggled with my confidence, but the moment I graduated high school I left those worries behind. I was tired of limiting myself and my happiness because I cared too much what other people thought of me. The moment I stopped, my life changed and now I just do me whether anyone likes that or not.

I don't think I'm unattractive or ugly by any sorts, but I'm also not some gorgeous model. I eat healthy and work out sometimes, I enjoy being healthy as much as I can. But I don't restrict my self from the things I love because life is too damn short for that I learned that the hard way. My body is average I would say, I'm skinnyish with an okay chest and a good butt at least. I have longer legs that I get from my mom and my hairs natural and long. I wear makeup or I don't, it depends on my mood and how many alarms I miss in the morning.

I'm the take me as I am kind of girl and always have been. I was shocked when I sorority that Jayce and I tried out for took us both. Jayce was a given, her mom's a legacy here and she looks like a damn model. Where my looks and body lack, she one hundred percent makes up for it. Short blonde hair, bright blue eyes and a long, lean body from being a dancer most of her life. She has enough confidence for both of us and it's why we get along so well.

But, when they made the bid on me I accepted because I wanted to try something new. So far it's been a lot of fun and I've made a bunch of new friends. For how intimidating some of the girls look, it turns out they're really sweet and fun. I'm definitely the outlier but it's okay and none of them seem to mind it at all.

Once class is finished, Mason and I walk out together. We talk about class and some other random things. He takes off for hockey practice and since I'm finished for the day, I decide to head down to the beach for a little while. I always bring a small towel to lay on in the sand and the book that I'm currently reading.

I spend the rest of the afternoon head first in a book, while enjoying the sun light. I end up back at the house around five where I make some food and then work on some homework in my room until Jayce gets home. Then the two of us put on some face masks and watch Grey's Anatomy while eating pizza and I tell her all about Mason.
