Carter

It's been a year since we lost him and every fucking day since, has been absolute hell. It's my fault he's gone regardless of what everyone else says, I could have should have stopped him from getting in the car that night. Every night when I close my eyes I replay that moment over and over in my head. I was too caught up on her and the fact that she looked so goddamn beautiful, to realize what was actually important.

Stone was older than me by two minutes and he never let me forget it. He was the better one, the good twin while I was the fuck up. He was the boy scout/eagle scout, AP classes, all star quarterback that made our parents proud. He had his head on his shoulders, had a plan to play ball at USC after we graduated and marry her, his track star homecoming queen girlfriend. Also, the girl I've been in love with for most of my life and she has no idea.

He was better looking, smarter, nicer and the all around better one out of the two of us. But, he was also my best friend and the only person who knew me. He never doubted me, and never let me doubt myself. It was like he could see something in me that I couldn't and he made me want to be better. I looked up to him, and admired him. So why the fuck did he have to die? 

I wish it was me. Then my parents wouldn't be so sad and depressed all of the time. Looking at me is a reminder of the better son that they lost. I know they wish the roles were swapped, because they could handle me being gone... but not him. My relationship with them has always been strained but after he died, it only got worse. Now I'm practically invisible to them but everyone else sees me now.

Luckily I have my best friend Shane, he was both of our best friend and her twin brother. That's how we all met, our mom's became friends when we were younger at this twin club thing, it helps parents with twins connect with other parents who also have twins. Our moms hit it off and the four of us were inseparable for most of our life. Babies when we first met, and now we're eighteen. They're like family to us, but I can barely stand to be near her. It's crazy how she went from the first girl I loved to now despise, all because of one fucking night.

We graduated earlier today and I barely remember the ceremony because I was so shit faced sitting in the scorching sun. I don even know if my parents even came, but it wouldn't surprise me if they didn't. I almost tripped on my way up to the podium but caught myself last minute and was able to make it through. Now I'm at some bullshit party getting higher then a fucking kite puff puff pass.

I see her across the room and she keeps looking over at me always watching and judging. I always wondered how her the two of them ended up together, because they're so different. On paper they made sense, she's miss popular, smart, also an athlete, well liked and always has a smile on her face. But, I know the truth of what lies underneath the fake facade that she puts on for everyone to see. I've seen her at her lowest, when she peels the mask off and her demons come out to play. 

I bring the bottle of Crown to my lips and keep my eyes trained on her. Finally she walks over "Real nice of you to be getting drunk on today out of all days Carter" the judgement clear on her face.

I sit up and lean forward a little "You don't get to tell me what to do, get the fuck away from me" her eyes widen with a mixture of shock and hurt.

"You don't have to be such an asshole, you're not the only person who lost someone" she fires back at me.

I grin at her "He's gone because of you, so don't act like you're so innocent Madden. News flash I know what happened that night"

She smacks me across the face, harder then I imagined and glares at me "Don't you ever speak to me like that to me again. I know you're hurting and I get it, but so am I. I love him and I wish every single day that I would have stopped him from getting in that car" Her tone is calm, but I see the chaos in her light eyes.

I stare at her with just as much intensity and Shane comes over "Mads, Izzy's looking for you" he says to her and nods towards the kitchen.

She hesitates and then walks away "You need to lay off of her Carter" he says to me with an angry stare.

"She likes poking the bear" I say with a shrug and he takes a seat next to me.

"She cares about you and she worries" he says and grabs the joint from between my fingers and take a long puff.

"I don't need her to worry about me" I say firmly.

"She is, no matter what and you talking shit to her isn't going to help. You're my best friend, my brother...and losing Stone was fucking awful for all of us. He's our family too and I know it's different, because you two were twins, but it's been hard on all of us. She's my sister and I can't let you be a dick to her because you're angry and hurting man" He has a point.

He hands me the joint and I take two long drags, he's beyond protective of her. We all are and this chat was basically a warning for me to chill the fuck out. I don't want to put him in the middle, so I'll watch my mouth from now on. He changes the subject and starts talking about college. We both got full ride scholarships to USC and the only reason I accepted it was because of him and Stone. I also wanted to prove myself to our parents, because I know they think I couldn't have gotten in on my own.

The shit part is Madden also got a scholarship there for track and she's going. I was happy to get the fuck away from her after graduation and now I get to be around her for the next four years yippie fucking doo da. As long as she stays out of my way it'll be fine, the school is huge anyways and she'll probably join some sorority and fuck a bunch of frat guys. Honestly, not a bad idea I could use some slutty sorority girls in my life. Perks of being an athlete is that I don't even have to try, because they'll find me. 

Shane and I get cross faded as fuck and it's the best distraction to a pained heart. Eventually we end up on the crowded make shift dance floor, grinding on some girls. I have no idea who my hands are on, but she's got a killer body and smells sweet like a cherry. Her tight ass grinds against my groin, instantly making my cock rock hard. I nudge against her a little to gage her reaction and she digs into me even more. She seems like a good lay so I grab her hand and lead her upstairs. 

We find some vacant room at the end of the hallway and I lock us inside. We leave the lights off and our hands grab for each other, the moment our lips connect I smile to myself because she tastes just as sweet as she smelled. Her fingers run up my chest, underneath my shirt and I finally pull it over my head and toss it aside. I can just barely see her step back and take hers off, along with her pants and I follow in suit.

Before I know it we're naked on the bed and I'm sliding between her wet folds with a condom because I'm drunk, not stupid. Her lips and hands are all over me, and I'm all over and inside if her. I'm not one to be gentle in bed so I pick up my pace and drive into her harder. She fucking loves it as her body writhes underneath me and takes it like a champ. Eventually we flip over and mystery girl's on top, riding me. I feel her hands on my chest as she moves her hips in the perfect rhythm, that has my balls tightening as I spill into the condom.

Because I'm not a selfish guy well usually I am but there's something about her I flip her onto her back and she lets out a small yelp. Her voice is familiar, but I drop down and get a good taste of her sweetness which distracts me. I devour her and use a couple fingers to help as she grinds against me. Her fingers run through my hair and she aggressively tugs on the ends and almost suffocates me in her cunt death by pussy wouldn't be an awful way to die. She reaches her climax and I eat her up, until the very last drop.

I stand and slide the condom off and walk over to the desk in the corner where I toss it into the trash can. I can hear her getting dressed and I walk over, grab my clothes and do the same thing. Neither of us speak and I'm kind of glad, because I'm not much of a talker and I kind of like this anonymous thing that we have going. The minute we step out that door, it's going I change so I'm enjoying it while I can. I hope she isn't one of those clingy girls who thinks she can change the bad guy because that's not happening.

I let her make the first move to the door and the moment she opens it, light floods into the room. She steps into the dim lit hallway and turns her head, because I know the curiosity of who I am, was killing her just as much as was killing me. Our eyes lock and my stomach churns when I see that it's fucking Madden Holt. She gasps and her eyes widen in horror "Carter" is all she says to me.

I glare at her and feel the rage boiling inside of me what the fuck did we do? "What the actual fuck" are the only words I can form.

Tears start to swell in the corner of her eyes and she rests her hand on the door, to maintain her balance "I didn't know...." I cut her off.

She's drunk but I'm also drunk "I don't give a fuck that you didn't know it was me. You're just that desperate for attention that you were willing to sleep with some random guy at a party" I spit out laced with venom.

"You're one to talk" she says ice cold.

I laugh like it's supposed to be an insult "This is exactly what people expect from me.... I fuck anything with a nice pair of tits Madden. You don't, you're just used to being the center of attention and having a doting boyfriend. Now that he's gone, you go out and take it from the first guy you see. Desperation is not cute sweetie"

"Go fuck yourself Carter" she shouts at me as I step passed her.

"You just did plenty of that baby, but thanks for the suggestion" she follows me down the hallway and grabs my shoulder.

I turn around quickly, taking her by surprise "Why do you hate me so much?" Her voice cracks towards the end and I almost feel bad for her.

I take a step closer and get in her face, her breath hitches "Because I fucking can... you mean nothing to Madden. I care more about the dirt on my shoe than I ever will about you, but thanks for the sub par sex" I walk away after that.

She doesn't follow me and I almost look back, but force myself to keep going one foot in front of the other. She doesn't realize it now, but this is what's best for us, because there's no way in hell things can go back to the way they used to be. Our fate was sealed the night we lost Stone and there's no way to come back from it.

Goodbye Madden fucking Holt.
